in dreams we behold the Hebrides escape
to one of the last truly wild places in
Europe where the wildlife is is untamed
and unpredictable as the landscape
Russell works with the dogs
he's absolutely fascinating one of the
one of the memories I've talked to take
away with me just as much as actually
shooting the wild grass myself so it's a
it's been a fantastic enjoyable
experience and seeing different
topography of the land as well has been
something that I'll always remember
taking away with me and I hope to come
back for many years and do this water to
stand again our four people into
shooting enthusiastic just to see this
it really is different to anything
you've done before in terms of driven
manufacturers shooting I've been
shooting down in calm or big pheasant
days and partridge days but then I think
a couple of days here have had in the
Isle of Lewis around around the
Islanders it's something I remember for
the rest of my life
the guide with a great professional
Woodcock's guide the territories who are
very full of colors so so different
variety of nature colors that was a good
experience and also a wild nature and to
get Woodcock's in Scotland it's a real
sport
Russell our guide has read Vizslas logs
will get who brought us a lot of
satisfaction different server for a
buffer cover
boring
young bird
you